of o/twowrds
pfreq 90
nreps 90
test S^d.br^S  S^d.br^S 
test S^t.Sap  S^t.Sap 
test Sad.skru  Sad.skru 
test Sak.tub  Sak.tub 
test Sap.Sip  Sap.Sip 
test Sarp.du  Sarp.du 
test Sat.bark  Sat.bark 
test Sild.par  Sild.par 
test Sip.k^p  Sip.k^p 
test Sit.Sat  Sit.Sat 
test Si.sut  Si.sut 
test Sr^g.rak  Sr^g.rak 
test Sut.sik  Sut.sik 
test ^p.baks  ^p.baks 
test ^s.lid  ^s.lid 
test ad.pul  ad.pul 
test ark.grup  ark.grup 
test art.S^d  art.S^d 
test ar.part  ar.part 
test b^k.d^st  b^k.d^st 
test b^s.dil  b^s.dil 
test b^t.k^t  b^t.k^t 
test bab.stip  bab.stip 
test baks.lig  baks.lig 
test bark.krap  bark.krap 
test bar.but  bar.but 
test bit.dru  bit.dru 
test bi.spik  bi.spik 
test bl^d.bab  bl^d.bab 
test blak.Si  blak.Si 
test blu.pik  blu.pik 
test br^S.ril  br^S.ril 
test brid.grik  brid.grik 
test brud.rad  brud.rad 
test bust.brud  bust.brud 
test but.spat  but.spat 
test d^k.st^k  d^k.st^k 
test d^l.rut  d^l.rut 
test d^st.gat  d^st.gat 
test dal.sis  dal.sis 
test dark.lip  dark.lip 
test dat.krip  dat.krip 
test did.spid  did.spid 
test dil.rab  dil.rab 
test dip.p^t  dip.p^t 
test dr^g.pat  dr^g.pat 
test drap.skul  drap.skul 
test dru.rid  dru.rid 
test du.tr^st  du.tr^st 
test gad.sl^g  gad.sl^g 
test gard.Sarp  gard.Sarp 
test gat.star  gat.star 
test glu.sid  glu.sid 
test grik.ti  grik.ti 
test grit.tul  grit.tul 
test grup.ad  grup.ad 
test gru.ark  gru.ark 
test ist.dip  ist.dip 
test k^p.dat  k^p.dat 
test k^t.gad  k^t.gad 
test kap.str^k  kap.str^k 
test kard.trit  kard.trit 
test kar.Sak  kar.Sak 
test ki.kap  ki.kap 
test kl^b.^s  kl^b.^s 
test klak.Sut  klak.Sut 
test klu.bl^d  klu.bl^d 
test kr^S.Sild  kr^S.Sild 
test krap.ki  krap.ki 
test krip.spark  krip.spark 
test kru.glu  kru.glu 
test kul.dal  kul.dal 
test l^k.brid  l^k.brid 
test lak.Sit  lak.Sit 
test lat.strit  lat.strit 
test lid.klu  lid.klu 
test lig.ist  lig.ist 
test lip.bi  lip.bi 
test list.slip  list.slip 
test lup.klak  lup.klak 
test lus.kl^b  lus.kl^b 
test p^t.ar  p^t.ar 
test pap.start  pap.start 
test park.pi  park.pi 
test part.blu  part.blu 
test par.stak  par.stak 
test pat.trat  pat.trat 
test pik.skar  pik.skar 
test pi.kard  pi.kard 
test pl^g.grit  pl^g.grit 
test pl^s.dark  pl^s.dark 
test prist.S^t  prist.S^t 
test pul.blak  pul.blak 
test r^S.kru  r^S.kru 
test r^b.gru  r^b.gru 
test rab.b^t  rab.b^t 
test rad.tru  rad.tru 
test rak.rul  rak.rul 
test rid.pap  rid.pap 
test ril.did  ril.did 
test rul.sil  rul.sil 
test rut.strik  rut.strik 
test s^k.r^b  s^k.r^b 
test sid.^p  sid.^p 
test sik.park  sik.park 
test sil.lus  sil.lus 
test sis.bar  sis.bar 
test sit.stil  sit.stil 
test si.lak  si.lak 
test skar.tri  skar.tri 
test skru.lat  skru.lat 
test skul.stap  skul.stap 
test sl^g.trup  sl^g.trup 
test slip.d^k  slip.d^k 
test spark.Sr^g  spark.Sr^g 
test spat.kul  spat.kul 
test spid.gard  spid.gard 
test spik.drap  spik.drap 
test st^k.tap  st^k.tap 
test stak.bit  stak.bit 
test stap.art  stap.art 
test start.dr^g  start.dr^g 
test star.kr^S  star.kr^S 
test stil.list  stil.list 
test stip.bust  stip.bust 
test str^k.tr^k  str^k.tr^k 
test strik.sit  strik.sit 
test strit.s^k  strit.s^k 
test sut.Sad  sut.Sad 
test su.d^l  su.d^l 
test tap.pl^g  tap.pl^g 
test ti.l^k  ti.l^k 
test tr^k.kar  tr^k.kar 
test tr^st.b^k  tr^st.b^k 
test trat.pl^s  trat.pl^s 
test trit.lup  trit.lup 
test tri.prist  tri.prist 
test trup.b^s  trup.b^s 
test tru.si  tru.si 
test tub.tu  tub.tu 
test tul.su  tul.su 
test tu.r^S  tu.r^S 
q
q
